feat(http): Add SVG diagrams for HTTP overview page (#34251)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/overview/index.md

An example HTTP request:

> ![A basic HTTP request](https://mdn.github.io/shared-assets/images/diagrams/http/overview/http-request.svg)

Author: ```suggestion
![Overview of a HTTP GET request with headers](https://mdn.github.io/shared-assets/images/diagrams/http/overview/http-request.svg)
```

An example response:

> ![HTTP Response image](https://mdn.github.io/shared-assets/images/diagrams/http/overview/http-response.svg)

Author: ```suggestion
![Overview of a '200 OK' HTTP response to a GET request including response headers.](https://mdn.github.io/shared-assets/images/diagrams/http/overview/http-response.svg)
```
